Love Is All
Tang Tianyuan got hurt when protecting his adviser; Lingyin received a hairpin and this is her little joy.
Episode 06
Miss.
We've met in hurry in Mount Tianmu.
I've been worried about you.
Did those brigands bother you after that?
I've been looking for you for a long time
And you're here.
I...
I got it.
Wait, my lord.
We're so sorry that Liu Hong
couldn't accompany with you.
So we really can't accept this money.
Miss. This lord
was just drunk a couple of wine here,
and nothing else.
So please don't be mad at him.
And please take care.
Miss.
You...you're not worked in here?
Each of us has our own way to live.
Whether I work here or not,
I'm just as same kind of person as you.
And I don't know why you're such disappointed.
Miss, I didn't mean it.
Miss.
Are you still not telling the truth?
Shoot!
What should I say.
If Magistrate Tang grabs you to check the wound,
you can't argue with that.
I missed something
as important as the autopsy records.
Landlord Sun
Shoot.
I...What should I say...
Wei Zitong is clear now.
You'll be the next questioned by Magistrate Tang.
Sun Bufan, if you still insist not to tell the truth,
don't blame me not to save your family.
Dad. I didn't do it on purpose.
What? You really killed people!
Dad. I've already done it.
Please save me, dad.
You bastard!
Dad.
Now you dare to kill people!
How can you be so stupid!
Do you need to kill by yourself?
Stupid!
You did such dirty things behind me.
When do you wanna hide it from me?
Dad, please don't beat me.
Stop it.
Assistant Zhou.
I only have one son.
Please help us.
You gotta save my son.
Assistant. Why don't we put it on those brigands?
I've already faked Wei Zitong's letter of elopement.
If you put this thing on others,
how can we explain the letter?
How can I end this up?
What should we do now, dad?
Do we...have other ways now?
Where's the incense?
Hold court trial.
Mr. Sun.
Who was such a wise man
who punched you?
I accidentally fell down.
Do you know why I wanna
question you today?
Your honor, is it because
you have found the murder of Hui?
May I ask
who is the murder?
Sun Bufan. You imitated Wei Zitong's handwriting
because you're jealous on him who's your fiancee loved.
So you faked a letter of elopement and asked Qi Hui out,
and killed her.
Do you admit it?
I was wronged, your honor.
How can I kill
the woman I love?
Please find the truth, your honor.
Qi Hui scratched the murderer before she died.
Don't you dare take off
your clothes in here
to let us check your neck?
Of course.
Your honor, there is a scar.
But it's not a scratch.
It's a scald.
Scald?
Mr. Sun. What happened to your neck?
Assistant Zhou,
I've been felt unwell recently.
So I have to do moxibustion daily.
Didn't expect my servant can be so stupid.
He accidentally dropped the moxibustion stick
and...and it burned me.
Your honor, can I go closer
and check Mr. Sun's neck ?
Go.
Mr. Sun. Your wound hasn't scabbed over yet.
It's a new one.
Adviser. You're right.
That's a new one. It happened last night.
What a coincidence.
Today, you'll be questioned,
and you got injured yesterday.
How can you say it's a coincidence.
You didn't inform me that
don't do moxibustion in advance.
Right?
Adviser. If your investigation is done,
can I go home now?
Officer Zheng arrived.
Your honor.
Mr. Sun.
You can go home now. The court 's retreat.
Thanks, your honor.
Yuhuan is missing?
People said she went out in the midnight
and never came back
and nobody saw her.
Yuhuan is missing?
How is it possible?
Why you look at me?
You...
You won't think I'm the one who tipped it off?
Say something, you two.
I swear I didn't say it.
I spent the whole day with Magistrate Tang.
How can I have time to do it.
There are 24 hours per day.
You sleep for 8 hours,
and not be with Magistrate Tang.
How could I know where you've been?
Yes, I can.
I mean I can keep a vigil for Magistrate Tang.
I'm not died and I don't need a vigil.
Then I can't really sleep with you.
Alright. I was just kidding.
It's not possible to doubt our
naive and cute adviser Tan, right?
I'm such a reliable person.
We shouldn't wast time to suspect each other here.
Just let me check
whether Liu Hong is also reliable.
Maybe she was wrong.
He can't even distinguish scratch and burn.
It means that Liu Hong might
be bought by Sun Bufan.
Liu Hong didn't know our plan.
So it can't explain Yuhuan's missing.
So who do you suspect now?
We can't trust anyone now.
We?
It's "we".
Just leave me alone.
We'll see when I found Yunhuan.
Yuhuan. You're really here. Stop eating.
How do you know that I'm here?
You really think the one
behind you can hide you so well?
I followed the Sun's servant who
deliver food to you here.
I've told you everything I know.
If you don't mind,
I'm gonna eat. Please leave.
Your lady is died now.
Sun Bufan has plenty of chances to kill you.
Are you so sure he won't kill you?
I don't know what are you talking about.
My lady is died. I'm so sad.
It's painful for me to keep staying in Qi Mansion.
That's why I left.
So you believe the Sun family that much?
Do you know what kind of person
will never withdraw a confession?
What?
A died person.
How come?
It's supposed to be poisoned.
Please leave now.
Yuhuan.
Careful!
Go.
Hide behind me.
Adviser.
Don't come over, adviser.
Take care of this girl and don't get injured.
Shoot. Who sent you here?
Tang, are you okay?
My lord. Are you okay?
Get back to the county office.
Eat some?
Sis.
Don't worry. I got the plan.
Qingchen prepared these for you. Want some?
Magistrate Tang, how's him?
He's fine. Don't worry.
You can live in here these days.
If you need anything, just tell me.
Do you know who wanna kill me?
I think you know that better than me.
I just don't get it.
Why you wanna protect that kind of person.
But why would my lady like
a poor scholar like Wei Zitong?
Yuhuan, you know it's impossible.
Why you're willing to sacrifice for him?
What about you?
If someone you loved
is in the vortex,
are you willing to pull him out?
It's great if I can save him.
If I can't pull him out, I'd rather die with him.
If I were you,
I'll pull him out even if I died.
You'll be addicted to me if you keep staring me.
You're awake.
Are...Are you okay?
Bring me that medicine.
What happened to your hand?
It's okay. Take care of yourself first.
Let me help you.
Have you found that
there'll be a lot of trouble
wherever you appear.
I didn't...
It's all my fault, okay?
Really? Tell me what you did wrong.
I didn't mean to it.
It's okay. Not a big deal.
I cooked you something delicious.
Pig's ear cooked by Tan Lingyin.
Only one for you.
You'll get better after finished it.
You ask a patient to eat pig's ear?
It's good that someone cooked for you.
I don't even cook for myself.
Is it good?
It's good.
One more.
Right.
I'm gonna tell you something.
Yuhuan decided to testify?
Why you always know everything?
Brother Zhou. How do you have time here today?
I'm going out for an exercise.
You...
Doing some sports.
Stop taking off your clothes.
I have something to tell you.
Okay. What is it?
I think Yuhuan is not as simple as she looks like.
Maybe she's the manipulator behind.
What do you mean?
Perhaps she had been jealous of her lady,
so she killed her lady.
She's failed to set up Wei Zitong,
so she put all the thing on Sun Bufan,
and tried to escape.
So you mean...
Yuhuan hired killers to assassinate Tan Lingyin.
What will she get from it?
Because she knew that
you will save Tan Lingyin
so that she can kill you all.
How can a little maid
has such power to do it.
Women's power is never in the fight.
That does make sense.
But why you tell me this?
I heard you found the assassin's weapon.
Maybe we can follow the clue
and get Yuhuan.
You mean this?
This is the needle that the county office used to test for poison.
It's okay. Don't worry.
Yuhuan is safe now.
They'll protect her in daytime, and I'll guard in the night.
Today, since you're here,
help me to stretch my arms.
She's safe? Where is she now?
You need to do it in this way.
You!
What's in your hand?
What do you think this is?
The weapon to kill you?
Now the murder has dared to
hurt the county officials.
We'll have to be
more careful from now on.
This is the needle used to test for poison.
It's as same as the one adviser took today.
Have a look.
That's true. Here.
I've already told the officers to take some.
I bring some to you here.
No need for me.
Leave this kind of things to adviser Tan.
She's a foodie, so she's easier to get poisoned.
There's another way to use this.
Why are you stabbing me?
It might hurt a bit.
You seemed not feel well
while you practice today.
This can help.
Brother Zhou. Didn't expect you have such skill.
I learned it from my father in childhood.
Your arms will be a little sore these days.
And you can't take the sword.
You'll be fine in a few days.
My lord. We're lost. What should we do?
From Ji Nan to here,
we've been walked for over a month.
It shouldn't be far.
In the letter she sent to her father,
she's in Tongling.
Why she put herself so hard?
Ji Nan is such a good place.
But she'd rather come to this deserted place.
I'm so starving.
Zhu Dacong
Magistrate of Ji Nan's Son
I'm starving as well, my lord.
Well.
Why you're still here?
Find the way.
Go. Go.
Go.
Tell me.
How can my wife suffer these?
I wish I had married her earlier.
I'm so regretted.
I shouldn't allow her to run around.
Yes.
Did... did she become immortal?
Everyday I put in some fresh ice
to keep the body from decay.
Yet it's not a long-term solution.
Didn't we do autopsy before?
The autopsy last time was not complete.
You interrupted in.
So what should we do this time?
What can't be seen at first autopsy
will show up over time.
There is congestion on her back
and the back
of her neck and legs.
This means that after her death,
her body was moved.
Congestion subsided,
it means she didn't die after being stabbed,
but crawled on the ground for a while.
At last she lost too much blood and died.
So in my opinion,
if we open her mouth this time
there should be an unexpected gain.
Night pearl?
This is jadeite.
Your Honor,
when will you catch
the murderer who killed my daughter?
If I were you,
I would catch Wei Zitong and behead him directly,
this will end the case.
Who told you that Wei Zitong is the killer?
He.
Who are you pointing at?
Isn't Mr. Tang trying to solve the case?
Bring them up.
Yuhuan, say what you want.
Your Honor.
When Sun Bufan and my lady got engaged,
my lady was so resistant,
which made Sun Bufan resentful,
he asked me to steal the letters
of my lady and Wei Zitong.
What are you talking about?
He intimated Wei Zitong's handwriting
and let me send a letter to my lady, asked her to elope.
This is slandering.
She's making things up.
She covets my son.
Everybody,
this is the purse she gave to my son
as a love token.
Look, there are five colored lines in it.
That's it.
Your Honor,
I was blind enough back then.
You're talking nonsense
because you want to get yourself off.
Your Honor,
I'm also responsible for my lady's death,
I never ask for exoneration,
I just want the culprit get a death penalty.
Please show us the justice.
Your Honor,
even if I was being jealous
and let Yuhuan steal the letters,
who can prove that I'm the murderer?
He's right.
I guess you would never admit it yourself.
Summon Miaomiaosheng.
Master Sun.
What's the matter with our adviser today?
I'm not the adviser. I'm Miaomiaosheng.
Miao...
That day when you heard about
the affair between Qi Hui and her lover,
then you had a evil idea.
You imitated Wei Zitong's handwriting,
let Yuhuan send it a fake letter
to Qi Hui and asked her to elope.
After Qi Hui found out it's you, she was ashamed and angry,
you two had a quarrel.
And he even sexually harassed her at that time.
As Qi Hui resisted it strongly,
she accidentally scratched your neck,
then you killed her in a fit of rage.
Adviser Tan,
If Qi Hui really was lacking in women virtues,
and eloped with others in the middle of the night.
What's that to do with me?
He's right.
Why it must be me who killed her?
Sun Bufan, why don't you think about it,
why did Qi Hui dislike you
and like others?
You live a life of idleness and dissipation.
Which woman
needs such a husband like you?
I must say, you're too shallow.
There are so people in the world
chasing after those who are rich and in power.
Right.
But I think Qi Hui was not that kind of woman.
That's why I fell for her.
However,
she fell in love with that poor scholar.
Mr. Sun, you do have a silver tongue.
Yuhuan is just a little girl,
she's easy to cheat.
While Qi Hui is smart,
she would rather run away for a lifetime
than to be wronged by you.
Nonsense.
I'm the young master of family Sun,
how can people be wronged with me?
That's it.
Look how witty you've become,
as I see,
you're just trying to attract my attention.
Mr. Sun.
He's so confident.
How can you be so confident?
If you didn't break the law,
you should have a competition with our Magistrate Tang
over narcissism.
Adviser Tan.
Oh no.
How can you compare with our Mr. Sun?
I can't tell what you're talking about.
And,
I believe in Sun.
Of course.
Sun Bufan,
do you think you did it perfectly?
But actually, you've missed one point,
you think you strangled Qi Hui to death,
but the truth is she wasn't dead by then.
Sir, I don't understand what you're talking about.
When you carried her to Mount Tianmu,
did you notice that she woke up halfway?
But she knew that this time she would die,
so she did one thing
to let us know who is the murderer.
Officer Zheng, bring the evidence.
Sun Bufan.
Can I see your belt?
Don't move.
Well, Your Honor.
this kind of jadeite can be seen everywhere,
this belt is not customized,
it's everywhere in the market.
No, father-in-law.
This... this...
My lord, it's exactly the same.
Your Honor, this kind of jadeite is everywhere.
It can prove nothing.
But this is found in Qi Hui's mouth.
She hid it under her tongue.
Your Honor.
Please spare us.
He's the only son of family Sun.
And I have him at an old age,
it's me who didn't educate him well.
Punish me if you must.
Please spare his life.
You old bastard.
You deceived me!
Give my daughter back!
Master, master.
Stop it, master.
Release me.
Master.
Imprudence.
What the hell.
Only your son's life counts,
the life of other's daughter doesn't count?
Sun Bufan, cheated the young girl
and killed her. He's sentenced
to jail waiting for beheading.
The court 's retreat.
You brought us justice, Your honor.
Well done. Your honor.
He foretells like a prophet.
So wise.
Bravo.
Your honor.
Adviser, I'll guard outside.
Adviser.
This jade pendant is worth twelve tales of gold.
Could you bring a message to my dad?
Mr. Sun.
I'm the one who wants you to be convicted the most.
How dare you try this on me?
It's not like that, adviser.
I'm already like this,
you should have vented your anger, right?
It is a benefit, why refuse it?
The jail is also territory of County Office.
Put it back.
Otherwise I'll tell lord Tang
and let him double your guilty.
Don't... don't.
No need. No need.
How about this, adviser,
I let you keep it anyway.
As a meeting gift.
Don't call for people.
Anyone?
Don't.
Tan Lingyin!
Well...
Why acting like you're pure and lofty?
You despise my thing
just because you're holding
the golden Sang Jie dug out secretly.
One day you must fall over.
What are you talking about?
Enough.
Enough. Stop pretending.
In order to get the gold,
Sang Jie expelled the refugees and blocked the mountain,
he even lost his own life.
And now all the benefits
are taken by you.
I will let my dad report your illegal mining.
Illegal mining?
Refugees? Blocking the mountain?
What?
What's wrong?
My lord.
Tan Lingyin.
Tan Lingyin, come back here!
Why is she so stubborn? Adviser Tan!
Is this really what he said?
Of course.
The death of Sang Jie,
the account books of Zhang Zhiyuan,
and the gold in Qi Hui's purse.
They all lead to one thing.
It seems that the Sun Family also shares a part of it.
It's even better.
At least we know for what did Sang Jie die.
Do you think it is because the distribution is uneven
that he got killed?
Why they mined illegally,
who distributed them,
where is the gold now?
Well... They need to be solved one by one.
How anxious you are.
You're quite active now.
A case was just solved,
and you brought another out.
Yes, I am.
A pay rise, please?
What's this?
An exhibit?
It's for living people, for you.
Really?
You're generous.
I just asked for a pay rise and here it is.
It is because you're useless.
The last time we went to Yichun Club,
when you saw the hairpin of Liuhong,
you almost drooled.
Wear it from now on,
don't make me awkward in public.
Is it pure gold?
The inner is copper.
Gold plated copper?
Are you short of money?
It's not what we should concern about now,
now the problem is
how should we get back?
Thanks to you,
we can only walk back by moonlight tonight.
It's dark and windy this night
I... I...
I know a beautiful woman like me
is addicting.
But you're my lord,
my lord
will protect me.
Addicting?
Who gives you confidence to say it?
My brother.
My brother always say that I'm exceedingly beautiful.
Your brother is young and inexperienced,
he's seen little girls.
I don't want to talk with you.
What are you doing?
Let's go.
We can't do this.
Please, let us see Miaomiaosheng.
We really can't.
Please, just for once.
Don't hurt them.
Bring it to me.
It's clear that Miaomiaosheng is not the murderer.
Are you OK?
Sister, they're not here to make trouble.
They're not making trouble?
We're here to apologize.
Mr. Tang has announced the truth to the whole county.
It turned out that the Sun family was trying to distract people
and deliberately called up everyone
to denounce the Gutang Bookstore
We all blamed Mr. Miao wrongly.
Manager,
can we meet Mr. Miao?
We want to apologize to him face to face.
No need.
It's enough as long as you know the truth.
Just continue to support Mr. Miao's novels.
No way.
Though we're Mr. Miao's loyal readers,
we easily got incited.
We feel so sorry.
We have to apologize in person.
Yes.
In fact, Mr. Miao never went out to travel.
He's always in Tongling.
Where is he?
Mr. Miao is me.
Tan Lingyin.
What?
Mr. Miao is a woman?
Those novels are written by a women?
In this world,
it's not easy for a woman to make a career,
it's the same for me.
That's why I deceived you.
I'm sorry.
She's trying very hard
to write better stories for you.
She's been to cemeteries and wilderness,
brothels, taverns, corrals and tile houses.
The last places a woman should go,
she's been in there.
What for?
You, the readers.
Really?
She wants to write you extraordinary story.
Zhuang.
Moreover,
look at the frostbite on Lingyin's hand.
This...
This... this...
It's just gone.
It's all frostbitten in winter.
Fang.
What did you say?
No matter Mr. Miao
is a man or a woman.
What we love is the stories.
Really?
I will book now
the upcoming volumes of Tang Feilong investigation stories.
No matter how much Mr. Miao writes, I want them all.
Me too.
Thank you.
We've received your kindness.
It's late.
Please go back to rest early.
We'll open tomorrow.
You must come.
Yes.
Goodbye, Mr. Miao.
I didn't expect that Mr. Miao is our adviser.
Awesome.
Yes.
I must tell my mother when I go back,
and I'll tell all people in Tongling.
Miaomiaosheng is the most talented woman in the world.
Two smart kids.
I didn't treat you well in vain.
Sister,
your hairpin is beautiful.
Is it worth a lot of money?
Worthless.
That cheapskate is not willing to spend money.
The inner is copper.
It's gold plated copper.
Then this is exquisite.
It's called Seven-treasure One Heart (copper heart) Hairpin.
Wrapping the copper heart with gold.
The meaning behind it is
"Being of one heart".
Whatever you say.
Sister Lingyin must be dating.
Sure.
She must be in love.
And she doesn't want to share it with us.
What to hide?